README.md, before:

# How To Make A Good Repository On Github

This repository contains the documentation website code and Markdown source files for [docs.github.com](https://docs.github.com).

GitHub's Docs team works on pre-production content in a private repo that regularly syncs with this public repo.

Use the table of contents icon on the top left corner of this document to get to a specific section of this guide quickly.

## Contributing

See [the contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed instructions on how to get started with our project.

We accept different [types of contributions](https://github.com/github/docs/blob/main/contributing/types-of-contributions.md), including some that don't require you to write a single line of code.

On the GitHub Docs site, you can click the make a contribution button at the bottom of the page to open a pull request for quick fixes like typos, updates, or link fixes.

For more complex contributions, you can open an issue using the most appropriate [issue template](https://github.com/github/docs/issues/new/choose) to describe the changes you'd like to see.

If you're looking for a way to contribute, you can scan through our [existing issues](https://github.com/github/docs/issues) for something to work on. When ready, check out [Getting Started with Contributing](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed instructions.

### Join us in discussions

We use GitHub Discussions to talk about all sorts of topics related to documentation and this site. For example: if you'd like help troubleshooting a PR, have a great new idea, or want to share something amazing you've learned in our docs, join us in the [discussions](https://github.com/github/docs/discussions).

### And that's it!

If you're having trouble with your GitHub account, contact [Support](https://support.github.com/contact).

That's how you can easily become a member of the GitHub Documentation community.

## License

The GitHub product documentation in the assets, content, and data folders are licensed under a [CC-BY license](LICENSE).

All other code in this repository is licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE-CODE).

When using the GitHub logos, be sure to follow the [GitHub logo guidelines](https://github.com/logos).

## Thanks :purple_heart:

Thanks for all your contributions and efforts towards improving the GitHub documentation. We thank you for being part of our :sparkles: community :sparkles:!

Commit message:

add the cmd npm install in readme

README.md, after:

# How To install the dependecies of our project

To install all the dependecies needed, please do "npm install" or "yarn install" in the command line of the project on your terminal or IDE.

# How To run the linter

Do the following command before commit : 

## Contributing

See [the contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed instructions on how to get started with our project.

We accept different [types of contributions](https://github.com/github/docs/blob/main/contributing/types-of-contributions.md), including some that don't require you to write a single line of code.

On the GitHub Docs site, you can click the make a contribution button at the bottom of the page to open a pull request for quick fixes like typos, updates, or link fixes.

For more complex contributions, you can open an issue using the most appropriate [issue template](https://github.com/github/docs/issues/new/choose) to describe the changes you'd like to see.

If you're looking for a way to contribute, you can scan through our [existing issues](https://github.com/github/docs/issues) for something to work on. When ready, check out [Getting Started with Contributing](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed instructions.

### Join us in discussions

We use GitHub Discussions to talk about all sorts of topics related to documentation and this site. For example: if you'd like help troubleshooting a PR, have a great new idea, or want to share something amazing you've learned in our docs, join us in the [discussions](https://github.com/github/docs/discussions).

### And that's it!

If you're having trouble with your GitHub account, contact [Support](https://support.github.com/contact).

That's how you can easily become a member of the GitHub Documentation community.

## License

The GitHub product documentation in the assets, content, and data folders are licensed under a [CC-BY license](LICENSE).

All other code in this repository is licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE-CODE).

When using the GitHub logos, be sure to follow the [GitHub logo guidelines](https://github.com/logos).

## Thanks :purple_heart:

Thanks for all your contributions and efforts towards improving the GitHub documentation. We thank you for being part of our :sparkles: community :sparkles:!
